README.md, before:

# E-Commerce Store

![App Logo](public/assets/logo.png)

## Table of Contetns

- [About The App](#about-the-app)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [License](#license)

## About The App

Discover the ultimate shopping destination for all your tech needs at E-Commerce, the innovative e-commerce platform designed for gadget enthusiasts. E-Commerce offers a wide range of high-quality products including laptops, cell phones, TVs, and headphones. Our user-friendly app ensures a seamless shopping experience on any device, thanks to its responsive design that adapts perfectly to all screen sizes.

## Features

### For Shoppers

- **Shop with Ease:** Browse our extensive catalog of tech products and make purchases with just a few taps.
- **Save for Later:** Not ready to buy? Add items to your cart and decide later.
- **Dark Mode:** Shop at any hour without straining your eyes, thanks to our optional dark mode.

### For Admins

- **Complete Control:** Manage product listings with full CRUD operations. Add, update, and delete products with ease.
- **Live Preview:** Get a real-time preview of products as you create or update them, ensuring accuracy before going live.

Built on a robust platform with a proprietary [E-Commrece backend API](https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-backend), E-Commerce prioritizes reliability and speed, making it the go-to app for tech lovers everywhere. Whether you're a casual shopper or a tech aficionado, E-Commerce is designed to cater to your needs, making it easier than ever to keep up with the latest technology trends.

## Technologies

- **React and TypeScript:** Built a dynamic and responsive frontend.
- **[TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/):** Utilized for all design features, enhancing the UI with minimalistic and responsive styles.
- **[React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main):** Implemented for seamless navigation between pages.
- **[React Hook Form](https://www.react-hook-form.com/):** Employed for robust form validation.
- **[SweetAlert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/):** Used for popup dialogs, improving user interactions with sleek, responsive alerts.
- **[MaterialUI](https://mui.com/):** Leveraged for reusable components like [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-menu/) and [Ratings](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-rating/), ensuring a consistent and modern UI.
- **[React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/):** Integrated for SVG icons, enriching the visual experience.
- **[Infinite Scroll Component](https://github.com/ankeetmaini/react-infinite-scroll-component):** Implemented on the Product page to enhance pagination and make the user experience more intuitive.
- **[Modern Drawer](https://github.com/Farzin-Firoozi/react-modern-drawer):** Used for sorting and filtering menus, offering users an efficient way to navigate product options.
- **[Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/):** Utilized on the homepage to display best sellers on small screen devices, ensuring smooth and responsive browsing.

## Setup

Ensure that you have at least [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en) version 18.0.0 installed.

Ensure that the backend is operational. See the setup instructions for the [ECommerceStore-backend](https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-backend).

Clone the repository with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-Frontend.git
```

Install all dependencies by running:

```bash
npm install
```

Start the app with:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Screenshots
<img src="/demo/demo1.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/demo2.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/demo3.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/demo4.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/demo5.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/demo6.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/screenshot1.png.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/screenshot2.png.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>
<img src="/demo/screenshot3.png.gif" width="2940" height="1600"/>


## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Fixed Table of Contents and Demo

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce Store

![App Logo](public/assets/logo.png)

## Table of Contetns

- [Table of Contetns](#table-of-contetns)
- [About The App](#about-the-app)
- [Features](#features)
  - [For Shoppers](#for-shoppers)
  - [For Admins](#for-admins)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [License](#license)

## About The App

Discover the ultimate shopping destination for all your tech needs at E-Commerce, the innovative e-commerce platform designed for gadget enthusiasts. E-Commerce offers a wide range of high-quality products including laptops, cell phones, TVs, and headphones. Our user-friendly app ensures a seamless shopping experience on any device, thanks to its responsive design that adapts perfectly to all screen sizes.

## Features

### For Shoppers

- **Shop with Ease:** Browse our extensive catalog of tech products and make purchases with just a few taps.
- **Save for Later:** Not ready to buy? Add items to your cart and decide later.
- **Dark Mode:** Shop at any hour without straining your eyes, thanks to our optional dark mode.

### For Admins

- **Complete Control:** Manage product listings with full CRUD operations. Add, update, and delete products with ease.
- **Live Preview:** Get a real-time preview of products as you create or update them, ensuring accuracy before going live.

Built on a robust platform with a proprietary [E-Commrece backend API](https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-backend), E-Commerce prioritizes reliability and speed, making it the go-to app for tech lovers everywhere. Whether you're a casual shopper or a tech aficionado, E-Commerce is designed to cater to your needs, making it easier than ever to keep up with the latest technology trends.

## Technologies

- **React and TypeScript:** Built a dynamic and responsive frontend.
- **[TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/):** Utilized for all design features, enhancing the UI with minimalistic and responsive styles.
- **[React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main):** Implemented for seamless navigation between pages.
- **[React Hook Form](https://www.react-hook-form.com/):** Employed for robust form validation.
- **[SweetAlert2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/):** Used for popup dialogs, improving user interactions with sleek, responsive alerts.
- **[MaterialUI](https://mui.com/):** Leveraged for reusable components like [Menu](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-menu/) and [Ratings](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-rating/), ensuring a consistent and modern UI.
- **[React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/):** Integrated for SVG icons, enriching the visual experience.
- **[Infinite Scroll Component](https://github.com/ankeetmaini/react-infinite-scroll-component):** Implemented on the Product page to enhance pagination and make the user experience more intuitive.
- **[Modern Drawer](https://github.com/Farzin-Firoozi/react-modern-drawer):** Used for sorting and filtering menus, offering users an efficient way to navigate product options.
- **[Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/):** Utilized on the homepage to display best sellers on small screen devices, ensuring smooth and responsive browsing.

## Setup

Ensure that you have at least [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en) version 18.0.0 installed.

Ensure that the backend is operational. See the setup instructions for the [ECommerceStore-backend](https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-backend).

Clone the repository with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maksim-Mirkin/ECommerceStore-Frontend.git
```

Install all dependencies by running:

```bash
npm install
```

Start the app with:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Demo
![demo1](/demo/demo1.gif)
![demo2](/demo/demo2.gif)
![demo3](/demo/demo3.gif)
![demo4](/demo/demo4.gif)
![demo5](/demo/demo5.gif)
![demo6](/demo/demo6.gif)
![screenshot1](/demo/screenshot1.png)
![screenshot2](/demo/screenshot2.png)
![screenshot3](/demo/screenshot3.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
